README.md, before:

Ben Thomas - Twich Sentiment Analysis Chatbot 
**Twitch Disposition**
===============================

# **About**

**"Twitch Disposition"** is a **Twich Chatbot** that performs sentimental analysis on the chat in a given Twitch channel. It does this through Twitch's Chat API and the use of **VADER** (Valence Aware Dictionary and sEntiment Reasoner) within the **Natural Language Toolkit**.

## VADER

Hutto, C.J. & Gilbert, E.E. (2014). VADER: A Parsimonious Rule-based Model for
Sentiment Analysis of Social Media Text. Eighth International Conference on
Weblogs and Social Media (ICWSM-14). Ann Arbor, MI, June 2014.

VADER (Valence Aware Dictionary and sEntiment Reasoner) is a lexicon and rule-based sentiment analysis tool that is specifically attuned to sentiments expressed in social media. It is fully open-sourced under the [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/).

## Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK)

[NLTK](http://www.nltk.org/) is a leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language data. It provides easy-to-use interfaces to over 50 corpora and lexical resources such as WordNet, along with a suite of text processing libraries for classification, tokenization, stemming, tagging, parsing, and semantic reasoning, wrappers for industrial-strength NLP libraries, and an active discussion forum.

Thanks to a hands-on guide introducing programming fundamentals alongside topics in computational linguistics, plus comprehensive API documentation, NLTK is suitable for linguists, engineers, students, educators, researchers, and industry users alike. NLTK is available for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux. Best of all, NLTK is a free, open source, community-driven project.

## How to "Run" 

TBD

## How it was programmed

###### Tools

"Twitch Disposition" was programmed through Python 3.5. The NLTK Python platform was utilized for its VADER analysis tools. 

###### Design

TBD

#### Directory Structure

TBD

#### Contributing

Anyone is welcome to re-use the code used in this project.

#### References

* [Python](https://www.python.org/)
* [Twitch API](https://dev.twitch.tv/)
* [NLTK](http://www.nltk.org/)
* [VADER](https://github.com/cjhutto/vaderSentiment)

#### Contact Me

For any questions please email me at _bthomas2622@gmail.com_

#### License

The content of this repository is not licensed.

Commit message:

updated README to reflect new packages utilized (pyqtgraph, numpy, pyqt)

README.md, after:

Ben Thomas - Twich Sentiment Analysis Chatbot 
**Twitch Disposition**
===============================

# **About**

**"Twitch Disposition"** is a **Twich Chatbot** that performs sentimental analysis on the chat in a given Twitch channel. The bot connects to twitch chat through Twitch's Chat API and applies **VADER** (Valence Aware Dictionary and sEntiment Reasoner) within the **Natural Language Toolkit**. The application is presented through "PyQtGraph", a pure-Python graphics library for PyQt. PyQtGraph leverages the GUI toolkit PyQt5 and the scientific computing package NumPy. 

### VADER

Hutto, C.J. & Gilbert, E.E. (2014). VADER: A Parsimonious Rule-based Model for
Sentiment Analysis of Social Media Text. Eighth International Conference on
Weblogs and Social Media (ICWSM-14). Ann Arbor, MI, June 2014.

VADER (Valence Aware Dictionary and sEntiment Reasoner) is a lexicon and rule-based sentiment analysis tool that is specifically attuned to sentiments expressed in social media. It is fully open-sourced under the [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/).

### Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK)

[NLTK](http://www.nltk.org/) is a leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language data. It provides easy-to-use interfaces to over 50 corpora and lexical resources such as WordNet, along with a suite of text processing libraries for classification, tokenization, stemming, tagging, parsing, and semantic reasoning, wrappers for industrial-strength NLP libraries, and an active discussion forum.

Thanks to a hands-on guide introducing programming fundamentals alongside topics in computational linguistics, plus comprehensive API documentation, NLTK is suitable for linguists, engineers, students, educators, researchers, and industry users alike. NLTK is available for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux. Best of all, NLTK is a free, open source, community-driven project.

### PyQtGraph

[PyQtGraph](http://www.pyqtgraph.org/) is a pure-python graphics and GUI library built on [PyQt4](https://riverbankcomputing.com/software/pyqt/intro) / PySide and [numpy](http://www.numpy.org/). It is intended for use in mathematics / scientific / engineering applications. Despite being written entirely in python, the library is very fast due to its heavy leverage of numpy for number crunching and Qt's GraphicsView framework for fast display. PyQtGraph is distributed under the MIT open-source license. 

## How to "Run" 

TBD

## How it was programmed

###### Tools

"Twitch Disposition" was programmed through Python 3.5. The NLTK Python platform was utilized for its VADER analysis tools. 

###### Design

TBD

#### Directory Structure

TBD

#### Contributing

TBD

#### References

* [Python](https://www.python.org/)
* [Twitch API](https://dev.twitch.tv/)
* [NLTK](http://www.nltk.org/)
* [VADER](https://github.com/cjhutto/vaderSentiment)

#### Contact Me

For any questions please email me at _bthomas2622@gmail.com_

#### License

TBD
